hey Raoul we're here at IVFs cam 2019
this is the sci-fi fair and I'm here
with I'm from Brazil and I work in a new
foundation which is called Arcadia fort
idea Wendy this is founded by at respond
I mean here in theatres and the you are
doing a lot of tools the first spoon
it's a attitude indexer and search the
content at Wave III so we can publish
our content at the ipfs index the
content with the keywords that you put
at the meta tags and the after of this
you can search the context okay so how
does that work how do you process the
content to extract the indices and where
are the intercept stories we have Picchu
refers to which comment OID interface
that you can install with NPM is easy
website to publish at IPF se or whether
you can drag and drop your is that
something that we can see you actually
this is the index CRI right there yeah
it's only drag and drop here it's pretty
simple straightforward yes and after
today because I don't know if the
internet is so good so yes I can show
you
is our doggie good okay that's it
so this is good yes ipfs and right right
so how does the can you tell us a little
bit about how the crawling works about
how the search works like once you type
a keyword how do you get results
essentially it's much complicated
dealing so we have mappings and a race
to the keywords and to map into their
websites yeah we all like the
decentralized technology so you know
this is about creating together you're
using etherium to power and ipfs index
essentially so where are you planning on
taking janna search next what are the
next steps for you yes
we're thinking about the aesthetics of
this so they were most certainly what
happened and if a person acting world
lately is warmer and the people started
to move to your site so kind of like the
quantity the quality of the keyword like
people might have different incentives
to like index stuff under the wrong
keywords and whatever so making sure
that the quality of that index stays
high yes yeah okay so do you have any
particular ideas that you're exploring
anything that you know the IVFs
community can help you with nice very
cool so how you find an idea Pascal what
are you learning what is like so far the
one thing that is your main takeaway
from
for me it's amazing because I only used
the IPF FS y ou Indies
but I have a team of me I have 20 people
with me Wow I teach for them a lot but
they are doing something alone and they
were the ipfs but a lowly and the I will
move them back to Peru and teach for our
my team our landry yes I have a lot of
things to teach that's great that's
great you should probably start an IPA
first chapter have you spoken to a proto
school like trying to get a community
going as well yeah that's that's amazing
and we're going to make it happen
because you know this technology is
really foundational for the
decentralized web in the Permian web so
we definitely is the more we can take it
to different places and have people
learning about it the more success we'll
have together as a community right yes
cool yeah it was great to be here
[Music]